[Music]
to be or not to be that is not a
question anymore I'll seat or
window-seat now that is the question if
you do ask Hamlet or other people where
they prefer to sit on a plane you'll get
tons of different opinions but is there
really some bottom line to this debate
well well let's find out I'll begin with
the window seats because frankly I
prefer them myself
the first and most obvious reason is of
course the view I mean what can be more
beautiful than a city from a bird's eye
perspective right only a city from a
bird's eye perspective at sunset or
sunrise and if you're like me and I
understand if you hope you aren't then
you understand that you can only enjoy
the Magnificent view if there's no head
bobbing in front of you looking outside
just isn't the same when you're not next
to the window no compromise here but
there are other reasons you should
choose to tuck yourself in the corner
and some would probably call them even
more plausible for example if you're a
good sleeper there's nothing better than
to take a window seat on a long-haul
flight when you're at the wall no one
will disturb you when going to the
bathroom and there's also a nice support
to lean on if your neck is stiff from
lying upright and although sleeping like
this is still pretty uncomfortable again
just imagine waking up to an amazing
view out the window okay you might not
give a darkness to the view and sleeping
on an airplane might not be an option
for you but I say you should still
consider taking the window seat because
if you're in an aisle seat chances are
someone on a fully booked plane would
eventually ask you to switch seats with
them to be with their companions or
family and although flight attendants
always ask passengers not to do that you
might be too polite to refuse when you
sit at the window however no one in
their right mind would bother you with
such a request come on you're sitting
too far away and it's way too
inconvenient to switch seats with you
isn't it great yeah
in addition sitting at the window gives
you full control of the shade if you
want to sleep but the light from outside
is too
for comfort hey just roll it down and if
you'd like to enjoy the view of the
clouds or landscape below feel free to
open it back no and we'll sail we're
deal and that's just perfect and finally
you get to be the first to take your
seat when boarding it's kind of small
comfort especially since you might have
to wait for your neighbors to get off
their seats they've already taken but
hey it's your rightful place no need to
feel bad
alright window seats covered let's hear
the opponents of these arguments I must
say they have valid points too first an
IOC gives you plenty of legroom which
can't be said about window seats if you
ever feel stiff from sitting with your
legs bent at the knees you can always
stretch them in the aisle and what's
more even if the person in front of you
decides against all rules of politeness
to recline in their seat you'll still
have that extra space for your legs say
no to bruises on your knees on top of
that you are always free to go to the
bathroom or just walk a little bit to
bring life back to your lower limbs you
don't have to ask anybody to let you out
hearing cuts or other annoying noises by
the way have you ever noticed how slow
many people are to let you through I
guess no one likes to be disturbed now
do you try to vacate your seat quickly
to get this over with sooner or are you
among those slow risers let me know down
in the comments anyway
aisle seat isn't only about legroom
let's admit it sometimes we forget
things that could be useful during the
flight in our carry-on bags and stuff
them into the overhead bins if you sit
at the window and suddenly remember you
absolutely need that stuffed bear of
yours to calm you down you'll have a lot
of trouble getting to it while causing
not a little discomfort to your fellow
passengers if you're closest to the
aisle however you can just get up fetch
whatever you need from above and get
back to your seat suite what's more
aisle seats are strategically important
if you're smart with your timing you
just might be the first to get off the
plane after it lands sitting at the wall
will on the other hand put you in the
inn
your position you'll have to trust the
person sitting near the aisle to be
quick about his or her business with the
baggage and all the rest if they're not
you might be stuck on the plane until
everyone else leaves it and yet another
reason for aisle seat lovers is that you
can see the approaching food cart and
you'll always be the first to serve your
in-flight meal its winning just a few
seconds but winning nevertheless okay I
get it I guess the bottom line I wanted
to find is this either position has its
own pros and cons so choosing where to
sit depends on your preferences but what
about the middle seat does anyone want
to take it well the short answer is no
no one wants to be in the middle if
you're unlucky enough to find yourself
there I can only suggest bracing
yourself you're about to be crammed
between two people with no access either
to the window or the aisle no other
headrest than your seat and no extra
legroom the only consolation here is the
airplane etiquette if your neighbors
respect it you'll have both arm rests at
your disposal
hardly an advantage given the
circumstances but I guess every little
thing counts right do you have your own
arguments to add here share them with me
in the comment section okay
all arguments aside though there are
seats you should probably prefer over
any other no I'm not talking about
business class in fact quite the
opposite according to statistics you're
better off sitting at the tail of the
plane
the thing is in an emergency situation
the tail has better chances of making it
in one piece which might help keep you
in one piece in other words if you sit
in the front including business class
you're less likely to survive a plane
crash so don't feel bad if you only get
a tail seat you should consider yourself
lucky er than most and by the way there
are a couple of seats on every plane
that people tend to avoid and all of
them are aisle seats I'm talking about
those near emergency accidents you see
when you take a seat closest to one of
the exits you automatically become
responsible for Swift evacuation of
passengers that's the worst case
scenario of sure thing
but if there's an emergency on board the
flight attendants will approach you and
give you instructions on what to do if
they aren't able to perform their duties
finding yourself in some mishap at a
dizzying altitude is bad enough but
hearing such words from people who are
responsible for your safety is even
worse so if I were you I'd refrain from
taking such a seat and last but not
least my personal advice if you have a
choice in the matter
try to avoid sitting near the aisle
somewhere in the vicinity of the
bathroom both front and tail first
closer to the end of your trip
especially if it's a lengthy one people
will start forming a line to do their
business eventually you'll find yourself
in a constant company of passengers
towering over you if you're like me I
doubt you like that feeling and secondly
there's of course the smell no matter
how hygienic the airplane lavatory is a
fairly large number of people using it
every few minutes we'll make it fragrant
enough for you to feel as if you're
sitting close and that's all I have to
say about that hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share with a friend and here
are some other videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life